= Strepi

An updated gem based on Mwhich

== INSTALLING STREPI

Strepi can be downloaded with 

	gem install 'strepi'

== DESCRIPTION

Strepi was made as an update to the now defunct MWhich[https://github.com/dacort/mwhich], which was no longer maintained because of the lack of a Netflix API. I was able to restore Netflix functionality to Strepi and add Crunchyroll[crunchyroll.com](Anime streaming website) service. Strepi checks to see if a movie/TV show is available on ITunes, Amazon, Crunchyroll, Netflix, or Amazon.

== HOW IT WAS DONE

This is how the data for each service was acessed

* Netflix: The Netflix Roulette gem and api. (http://netflixroulette.net/api/)
* Amazon: Official Amazon ECS (Required credentials)
* Hulu: Hacks publisher tool endpoint
* iTunes: Their Store Web Service Search API via AffiliatesSearch2.1.pdf[http://www.apple.com/itunesaffiliates/API/AffiliatesSearch2.1.pdf]
* Crunchyroll: Scrapes Crunchyroll pages

== REQUIREMENTS 

Similar to MWhich, these gems are needed:

* yajl-ruby
* nokogiri
* ruby-hmac

== USING STREPI



To create a basic Strepi instance:

    w = Strepi::Client.new

You can search for a movie like this:

    w.search("The Prestige")
    # => {:amazon=>[], :hulu=>[], :itunes=>["feature-movie: The Prestige ($9.99)"], :netflix=>[The Prestige is available!, :crunchyroll=>[]}

At this time, this merely returns a hash of key/value pairs indicating which
services the movie or TV show was found on. The value is a simple string with
the type of media found and the title. Comments specific to each service
may also appear. For example:

* Hulu sometimes links to external content, "Not on hulu!" will identify this.
* iTunes will display prices of product

Limit your searches by service:


    w = Strepi::Client.new(:services => [:netflix, :hulu])
    w.search("Knight Rider")
    # => {:hulu=>["episode: I Love the Knight Life", "episode: Knight and the City", "episode: Fly By Knight", "episode: Fight Knight", "episode: Exit Light, Enter Knight", "episode: Knight to King's Pawn", "episode: Day Turns Into Knight", "episode: Don't Stop the Knight", "episode: Knight Fever", "episode: Knight of the Zodiac"], :netflix=>["Series: Knight Rider", "Series: Knight Rider"]}


Enter Amazon credentials:
	```
	
    w = Strepi::Client.new(:services => [:amazon], :ecs_credentials => {
	:associate_tag => 'Your associate tag',
	:AWS_access_key_id => 'Your access key ID',       
	:AWS_secret_key => 'Your secret key'
	})
	```

Amazon credentials can also be stored in initializer and be called as ECS_CREDENTIALS when creating Strepi instance.

Initializer file:
	```
	ECS_CREDENTIALS =	{
	:associate_tag => 'Your associate tag',
	:AWS_access_key_id => 'Your access key ID',       
	:AWS_secret_key => 'Your secret key'
	}	
	```

